Nominated in the Best Foreign film catergory at the Oscars Mother India lost to...?, Nights of Caberia,Casablanca, Gone With The Wind, Dragons
Which was the first Hindi Movie to receive the national award?,Mirza Ghalib, Kabuliwala,Do Aankhen Barah Haath,Anuradha
Lata Mangeshkar made her debut in Hindi playback singing with the movie...?,Aap ke Sewa Main, Andaaz,Deewar,Barsaat
This movie was initially titled High Jump. The movie is said to have been inspired from the biography of the legendary Japanese filmmaker Akiro Kurosawa. What movie is being talked about here?,Taare Zameen Par,Luck By Chance, Wake Up Sid,3 Idiots
In a recent Abhishek Kapoor movie Rekha was supposed to play the role of Begum but Tabu finally played it. This movie is said to have been an adaptation of a famous literary work. Name the literary work.,Great Expectations,Macbeth,Hamlet,Pride and Prejudice
Contrary to popular belief Lagaan wasn't the first movie about cricket that featured Aamir Khan. It was Awwal Number. Aamir Khan said that he didn't even read the script before signing the movie. Who was the famous director of Awwal Number?,Dev Anand,Sanjay Leela Bhansali,Rakesh Om Prakash Mehra,Shyam Benegal
Kishore Kumar apparently made this movie to evade taxes hoping it would fail commercially but it was extremely successful. Name the movie.,Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi,Padosan,Half Ticket,Door Gagan Ki Chhaon Mein
This film was a satire on the politics of Indira Gandhi and her son Sanjay & was banned by the Indian Government during the Emergency. Name the film., Kissa Kursi Ka,Desi Babu Gori Mem,Ekdin Pratidin,Duniya Na Mane
Shehenshah is one of the most iconic movies of Bollywood history. Who wrote the original story of Shehenshah?, Jaya Bachchan,Javed Akhtar,Salim Khan,Inder Raj Anand
He was known as the Father of Hindi film singing. When Talat Mehmood spoke of his inspiration he said "It was unbelievable how effortlessly he sang with such talaffuz a beautiful throw of voice and depth of feeling. I could never touch him." Name the singer., Kundanlal Saigal,Mohd. Rafi,Mahendra Kapoor,Hemant Kumar






































